## Project 1: 1L PC XCP-NG pool

### Description

This project will be a small pool of 1 liter (mini desktops) running XCP-NG.
The pool will be used for testing and experimenting with different technologies
and tools.

XCP-NG, is a type 1 hypervisor, which is based on the Xen Project. It will be
used to host different VM's. There will be users delegated to each person who'd
like to use the setup. The users will have access to their own VM's and will be
able to manage them.

### Hardware

- 3 x Mini desktops.
- 1 x Cisco Router.
- 1 x Cisco Switch.
- 3 x USB -> Ethernet adapters.

## Project 1.0: 1L PC XCP-NG Pool

### Description

This project involves setting up a small pool of 1-liter mini desktops running
XCP-NG. The pool will be used for testing and experimenting with various
technologies and tools.

XCP-NG is a type 1 hypervisor based on the Xen Project. It will be used to host
different virtual machines (VMs). Users will be delegated access to the setup,
allowing them to manage their own VMs. Each user will have the ability to
create, modify, and delete their VMs as needed.

The primary goal of this project is to create a flexible and scalable
environment for testing new software, configurations, and network setups. By
using XCP-NG, we can efficiently manage resources and provide isolated
environments for different users and projects.

### Hardware

The hardware setup for this project includes:

- 3 x Mini desktops: These will serve as the physical hosts for the XCP-NG
hypervisor. Each mini desktop will contribute to the pool, providing CPU,
memory, and storage resources for the VMs.

- 1 x Cisco Router: This router will manage network traffic and provide
connectivity between the mini desktops and other network devices.

- 1 x Cisco Switch: The switch will facilitate communication between the mini
desktops and other network components, ensuring efficient data transfer and
network performance.

- 3 x USB -> Ethernet adapters: These adapters will be used to provide
additional network interfaces for the mini desktops, allowing for better
network segmentation and management.

### Objectives

1. **Setup and Configuration**: Install and configure XCP-NG on the mini
   desktops, ensuring they are properly networked and can communicate with each
other.

2. **User Management**: Create user accounts and delegate access to the VMs,
   allowing users to manage their own virtual environments.

3. **Testing and Experimentation**: Use the setup to test various technologies,
   tools, and configurations, documenting the results and any issues
encountered.

4. **Scalability**: Evaluate the scalability of the setup, determining how
   additional resources can be added to the pool as needed.

### Benefits

- **Isolated Testing Environment**: Provides a safe and isolated environment
for testing new software and configurations without impacting production
systems.

- **Resource Management**: Efficiently manages hardware resources, allowing for
the creation of multiple VMs on a single physical host.

- **User Flexibility**: Users have the freedom to manage their own VMs,
fostering innovation and experimentation.
